resource-scheduling: add simulator section (#28)
tikv/deep-dive-tikv: src/resource-scheduling/simulator.md

4. Inspect the result to check whether it is in line with the expectation.

The first step is mainly to figure out which part of your system you want to
simulate. And the model should be as simple as possible. In the second step, you
should set up the environment including the scale of your system and the
characteristic of the workload. The third step will run the simulation which
will give the output of the scheduling. In the final step, you can check the
result and dig into the scheduling problem if the result is not as expected.

## PD simulator

In PD, we also need to use the simulator to find the scheduling problem.
It can be used to simulate a large-scale cluster and different users' scenarios.
And for some special scenarios, we can keep it so that we can quickly verify the
correctness of the scheduling in PD under different scenarios when we
reconstruct the code or add some new features in the future. Without the
simulator, if we want to reproduce some scenarios, we need to apply for
machines, load data, and then wait for the scheduling. It is tedious and might
waste a lot of time.

### Architecture

The basic architecture of PD Simulator is shown in *Figure 1*.

> ![Figure 1](pd-simulator.png)

Reviewer: I think need a newline here otherwise the image becomes inline.

### Components

PD Simulator is consist of the following components:

- Driver

  _Driver_ is the most important part of PD Simulator. It is used to do some
  initialization and trigger the heartbeat and the corresponding event according
  to the tick count.

- Node

  _Node_ is used to simulate a TiKV. It contains the basic information of a
  store and can communicate with PD by using the heartbeat through gRPC.

- Raft Engine

>   _Raft Engine_ records all Raft related information. It is a share Raft engine,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _Raft Engine_ records all Raft related information. It is a shared Raft engine,
```

  which PD can't know about it.

- Event Runner

  For every tick, _Event Runner_ will run the function to check if there is an
  event need to execute. if true, it will execute the corresponding event.

### Process

The basic process about how PD Simulator works is as follows

> 1. Once starting PD Simulator, it will create a driver and initialize a mocking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When starting PD Simulator, it will create a driver and initialize a mocked
```

> TiKV cluster which is consist of nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV cluster which consists of nodes.
```

2. After PD is bootstrapped, it will start to run a timer.
3. For each tick, the mocking TiKV cluster will execute some operations, such as
executing Raft commands on the shared Raft engine or sending the heartbeat. And
according to the different cases, it will perform the different events.
4. Finally, it will verify if the result is in line with our expectations.

PD Simulator doesn't care about how TiKV actually works in details. It just

> needs to send the messages which PD want to know about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs to send the messages which PD wants to know about.
```

# Simulator

## Overview

> The simulator plays an important role in the area of designing and studying

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Owing to its flexibility and significant benefits of reducing
the time and the cost, the simulator has been playing an important role in studying and designing
```

> computer architecture due to its flexibility and significant benefit of reducing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a computer architecture.
```

> the time and the cost. It is often used to validate specific design schemes and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is often used to validate specific design schemes and
```

and evaluate the effectiveness of design schemes.

## Workflow

> Since this book is mainly targeted towards the people who are interesting in

Reviewer 2: This book? Are we talking about a book here?

Author: I guess so?

Reviewer 2: How about: "Since our targeted audience are people who are interested in"

TiKV, we will focus on using the simulator to deal with the scheduling problem.
In general, when there is a lack of resources or the problem is hard to
reproduce, we might consider using the simulator to make it.

A simulation for the scheduling problem in the distributed system

> usually follows the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
usually consists of the following steps:
```

1. Define the system model of the simulator.
2. Set up the simulation environment.
3. Run the simulation.
4. Inspect the result to check whether it is in line with the expectation.

The first step is mainly to figure out which part of your system you want to
simulate. And the model should be as simple as possible. In the second step, you
should set up the environment including the scale of your system and the

> characteristic of the workload. The third step will run the simulation which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
characteristics of the workload. In the third step, the simulation will run and
```

> will give the output of the scheduling. In the final step, you can check the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 provide the scheduling output. In the final step, you can check the
```

result and dig into the scheduling problem if the result is not as expected.

## PD simulator

> In PD, we also need to use the simulator to find the scheduling problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In PD, we also need the simulator to locate a scheduling problem.
```

> It can be used to simulate a large-scale cluster and different users' scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simulator can be used to simulate a large-scale cluster and scenarios with different users.
```

> And for some special scenarios, we can keep it so that we can quickly verify the

Reviewer 2: What special scenarios? Maybe we can consider adding some examples.
"we can keep **it** so"   what does "it" refer to?

correctness of the scheduling in PD under different scenarios when we
reconstruct the code or add some new features in the future. Without the
simulator, if we want to reproduce some scenarios, we need to apply for
machines, load data, and then wait for the scheduling. It is tedious and might
waste a lot of time.

### Architecture

The basic architecture of PD Simulator is shown in *Figure 1*.

![Figure 1](pd-simulator.png)

### Components

> PD Simulator is consist of the following components:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PD Simulator consists of the following components:
```

- Driver

>   _Driver_ is the most important part of PD Simulator. It is used to do some

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  _Driver_ is the most important part of the PD Simulator. It is used to do some
```

  initialization and trigger the heartbeat and the corresponding event according
  to the tick count.

- Node

>   _Node_ is used to simulate a TiKV. It contains the basic information of a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  _Node_ is used to simulate a TiKV node. It contains the basic information of a
```

  store and can communicate with PD by using the heartbeat through gRPC.

- Raft Engine

  _Raft Engine_ records all Raft related information. It is a shared Raft

>   engine, which PD can't know about it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  engine which PD cannot know about.
```

- Event Runner

>   For every tick, _Event Runner_ will run the function to check if there is an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For every tick, _Event Runner_  checks if there is an
```

>   event need to execute. if true, it will execute the corresponding event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  event to execute. If there is, it will execute the corresponding event.
```

### Process

> The basic process about how PD Simulator works is as follows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The basic process of how PD Simulator works is as follows:
```

> 1. When starting PD Simulator, it will create a driver and initialize a mocked

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. When started, PD Simulator will create a driver and initialize a mocked
```

TiKV cluster which consists of nodes.

> 2. After PD is bootstrapped, it will start to run a timer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. After PD is bootstrapped, it starts a timer.
```

> 3. For each tick, the mocking TiKV cluster will execute some operations, such as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. For each tick, the mocked TiKV cluster will perform some operations, such as
```

> executing Raft commands on the shared Raft engine or sending the heartbeat. And

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
executing Raft commands on the shared Raft engine or sending heartbeats. 
```

> according to the different cases, it will perform the different events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The operation to perform depends on the specific case.

> 4. Finally, it will verify if the result is in line with our expectations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Finally, PD Simulator will verify whether the result is in line with our expectations.
```

> PD Simulator doesn't care about how TiKV actually works in details. It just

Reviewer 2: avoid using contractions in technical writing to sound formal and professional.
```suggestion
PD Simulator does not care about how TiKV actually works in details. It just
```

> needs to send the messages which PD wants to know about.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sends the messages which PD wants to know about.
```

# Simulator

## Overview

With its flexibility and significant benefits of reducing time and cost, the
simulator plays an important role in studying and designing a computer
architecture. It is often used to validate specific design schemes
and evaluate the effectiveness of design schemes.

## Workflow

> Since our targeted audience are people who are interested in TiKV, we will

Reviewer: "We'll focus on how the simulator is used in TiKV to deal with scheduling problems"

Readers don't need to be told what they are.

# Simulator

## Overview

> With its flexibility and significant benefits of reducing the time and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With its flexibility and significant benefits of reducing time and 
```

> cost, the simulator plays an important role in studying and designing a

Reviewer 3: What does "the simulator" here mean? If it refers to a general simulator, I think we should use "a simulator" here. Or if it refers to the PD Simulator, we should use "the Simulator" instead.

Author: I think "the" is an emphasis here.

computer architecture. It is often used to validate specific design schemes
and evaluate the effectiveness of design schemes.

## Workflow

> Since this book is mainly targeted towards the people who are interesting in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since this book is mainly targeted towards the people who are interested in
```

TiKV, we will focus on using the simulator to deal with the scheduling
problem.
In general, when there is a lack of resources or the problem is hard to

> reproduce, we might consider using the simulator to make it.

Reviewer 3: What does "make it" mean here?

> reproduce, we might consider using the simulator to make it.

Reviewer 2: Suggest removing "to make it" to make it clear.
```suggestion
reproduce, we might consider using the simulator.
```

A simulation for the scheduling problem in the distributed system
usually consists of the following steps:

1. Define the system model of the simulator.
2. Set up the simulation environment.
3. Run the simulation.
4. Inspect the result to check whether it is in line with the expectation.

The first step is mainly to figure out which part of your system you want to
simulate. And the model should be as simple as possible. In the second step,
you should set up the environment including the scale of your system and the
characteristics of the workload. In the third step, the simulation will run
and provide the scheduling output. In the final step, you can check the
result and dig into the scheduling problem if the result is not as expected.

> ## PD simulator

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## PD Simulator
```

> In PD, we also need the simulator to locate a scheduling problem.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In PD, we also need a simulator to locate a scheduling problem.
```

The simulator can be used to simulate a large-scale cluster and scenarios

> with different users.

Reviewer 3: "with different users" sounds weird.

Reviewer 2: multi-user scenarios?

> And for some special scenarios, we can keep them so that we can quickly

Reviewer 3: Hard to understand this sentence :(

Reviewer 2: +1.  What are special scenarios?  Also "keep them" is too general, maybe we need to indicate keep them (where, as what?)

Author: How about directly using different scenarios? I am not sure if it is appropriate to list some concrete scenarios here.
